Pinkesh Badjatiya is currently a Machine Learning Research and Development Engineer at Adobe, where he works on
computer vision and reinforcement learning. He received a MS by Research degree in Computer Science from
International Institute of Information Technology Hyderabad (IIIT Hyderabad) in 2019, where he was advised by
Vasudeva Varma (Dean R&D, IIIT Hyderabad) and Prof. Manish Gupta (Principal Applied Research Scientist, Microsoft),
and he received a B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering from IIIT Hyderabad in 2018.

Pinkesh was a undergraduate researcher at iREL, where I worked on NLP and ML. Some of the topics that he has worked
on in the domain of NLP include Hate Speech Detection/Mitigation on Social Media, Topic Segmentation, Trust Inference
and Prediction. He also worked as an open source software developer and participated in Google Summer of Code 2016
for the organization MetaBrainz. He also served as a mentor in Google Code-In 2017. Pinkesh interned at Goldman Sachs
in 2018 where he worked on algorithmic constraint optimization. He also recently interned with Adobe where he worked
on the problem of emergent socio-economic behaviour for multi-agents using reinforcement learning.

Pinkesh has publications in WWW17 (best poster award), ECIR18 (long paper, first author) and WWW19
(long paper, first author). He received the Dean’s Merit List Award in 3 semesters for academic excellence and Dean’s
Research Award in 2017 & 2018 for publications in top-tier conferences during his undergraduate studies. He also received
the ECIR Student Travel Grant 2018, Microsoft Research Travel Grant 2019 and The Web Conference Student Travel Grant 2019
for attending conferences in Grenoble(Europe) and San Francisco(USA). He also has a strong engineering background as he
was a System Administrator for the annual college fest of IIIT Hyderabad.

Pinkesh is interested in artificial intelligence, natural language processing, machine learning and computer vision.
Much of his research was in natural language processing and training deep neural networks to solve complex social problems.
He is also interested in bringing these recent developments in AI to production systems. He likes to solve puzzles, build
DIY solutions for everyday tasks and do algorithmic coding in his free time.
